README.md, before:

SFE_CC3000_Library
==============

Arduino library for the TI CC3000 WiFi [Shield](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/12071) and [Breakout Board](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/12072).

Version
-------

**v1.6**

Known Issues
------------

The following are known problems with the library and are being actively worked on:

* Tx/Rx buffers for the CC3000 can easily overflow. Buffer checks need to be added to the library.
* AES encryption for SmartConfig is not supported.
* Static IP is not working at this time (only DHCP works).
* HTTP POST requests work but do not print the whole server response to the console.
* The library does not work with any Teensey boards. Only ATmega328- and ATmega2560-based Arduinos have been tested.
* UDP has been tested for transmit only. Receiving UDP packets on the CC3000 is currently not working.

Getting Started
---------------

* Download the Git repository as a ZIP ("Download ZIP" button)
* Unzip
* Copy the entire directory (SFE_CC3000_Library) to <Arduino installation directory>/libraries
* Open the Arduino program
* Select File -> Examples -> SFE_CC3000_Library -> WebClient
* Change ap_ssid and ap_password to match your WiFi's SSID and password
* If your WiFi's security is anything other than WPA2, change ap_security to one of WLAN_SEC_UNSEC, WLAN_SEC_WEP, WLAN_SEC_WPA, or WLAN_SEC_WPA2
* Plug in your Arduino and CC3000 board
* Go to Tools -> Board and select your Arduino board
* Go to Tools -> Serial Port and select the COM port of your Arduino board
* Click "Upload"
* Go to Tools -> Serial Monitor
* Ensure the baud rate is set at 115200 baud
* The program should connect and print out the HTML of [www.example.com](http://www.example.com)

Version History
---------------

**v1.6**

* Fixed SD card incompatibility issue. Again. (I broke it in v1.4)

**v1.5**

* Added support for ATmega32u4 (Arduino Leonardo)

**v1.4**

* Added CS pin de-assertion on init to allow for other non-default CS pins

**v1.3**

* Merged pull request from Jacob Rosenthal (https://github.com/jacobrosenthal)
  * Changed IP Addresses to conform to Arduino's other networking libraries (e.g. using the IPAddress class)
  * Implemented UDP connections

**v1.2**

* Added support for the Arduino Mega

**v1.1**

* Fixed SD card incompatibility issues
* Added WebClientSD.ino example sketch to show SD card working with CC3000

**v1.0**

* Initial release
* Manual connection implemented
* SmartConfig and FastConnect implemented
* Ping implemented
* TCP connections implemented
* Users can perform HTTP GET and HTTP POST

License
-------

This code is beerware; if you see me (or any other SparkFun employee) at the local, and you've found our code helpful, please buy us a round!

Distributed as-is; no warranty is given.

Commit message:

Added note in readme about firmware version.

README.md, after:

SFE_CC3000_Library
==============

Arduino library for the TI CC3000 WiFi [Shield](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/12071) and [Breakout Board](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/12072).

Version
-------

**v1.6**

Known Issues
------------

Note that the SFE_CC3000_Library was tested with CC3000 firmware v1.24.

The following are known problems with the library and are being actively worked on:

* Tx/Rx buffers for the CC3000 can easily overflow. Buffer checks need to be added to the library.
* AES encryption for SmartConfig is not supported.
* Static IP is not working at this time (only DHCP works).
* HTTP POST requests work but do not print the whole server response to the console.
* The library does not work with any Teensey boards. Only ATmega328- and ATmega2560-based Arduinos have been tested.
* UDP has been tested for transmit only. Receiving UDP packets on the CC3000 is currently not working.

Getting Started
---------------

* Download the Git repository as a ZIP ("Download ZIP" button)
* Unzip
* Copy the entire directory (SFE_CC3000_Library) to <Arduino installation directory>/libraries
* Open the Arduino program
* Select File -> Examples -> SFE_CC3000_Library -> WebClient
* Change ap_ssid and ap_password to match your WiFi's SSID and password
* If your WiFi's security is anything other than WPA2, change ap_security to one of WLAN_SEC_UNSEC, WLAN_SEC_WEP, WLAN_SEC_WPA, or WLAN_SEC_WPA2
* Plug in your Arduino and CC3000 board
* Go to Tools -> Board and select your Arduino board
* Go to Tools -> Serial Port and select the COM port of your Arduino board
* Click "Upload"
* Go to Tools -> Serial Monitor
* Ensure the baud rate is set at 115200 baud
* The program should connect and print out the HTML of [www.example.com](http://www.example.com)

Version History
---------------

**v1.6**

* Fixed SD card incompatibility issue. Again. (I broke it in v1.4)

**v1.5**

* Added support for ATmega32u4 (Arduino Leonardo)

**v1.4**

* Added CS pin de-assertion on init to allow for other non-default CS pins

**v1.3**

* Merged pull request from Jacob Rosenthal (https://github.com/jacobrosenthal)
  * Changed IP Addresses to conform to Arduino's other networking libraries (e.g. using the IPAddress class)
  * Implemented UDP connections

**v1.2**

* Added support for the Arduino Mega

**v1.1**

* Fixed SD card incompatibility issues
* Added WebClientSD.ino example sketch to show SD card working with CC3000

**v1.0**

* Initial release
* Manual connection implemented
* SmartConfig and FastConnect implemented
* Ping implemented
* TCP connections implemented
* Users can perform HTTP GET and HTTP POST

License
-------

This code is beerware; if you see me (or any other SparkFun employee) at the local, and you've found our code helpful, please buy us a round!

Distributed as-is; no warranty is given.
